Yes, Qianqian, how do you know it's fake?
Didn't someone just say that someone 8.80 million
Do you get this review?
I just want to ask everyone here
This wine is priceless
It's not unattainable, is it?
Think about it.
With your assets
You can also taste it if you want.
But think about it.
Why is this wine no longer in circulation on the market?
Which noble family lost interest in this wine?
Or is there another wine instead?
Yeah, 10 years ago.
The market for this wine drama has disappeared
The aristocratic family would never suddenly lose interest in him
This is a rare treasure.
This is the supreme wine in the world
It can never be replaced by any other wine
I hope Miss Guan can answer one or two reasons for this.
How about this?
You don't know
This wine went out of circulation ten years ago
Because heaven regards him as a national treasure
Close and corrupt officials
From now on, it will not be circulated on the market.
Oh, I see.
So this bottle of wine he sent
This is thanks to Miss Guan who exposed this person's trick
Oops otherwise
Today, our Shangguan family will be deceived by him
Ye Feng
Is what he said true? Don't worry.
Miss Guan
Are you sure this wine will be sealed from the world from now on?
Is it no longer here?